Cgroup adjustment (#23170)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/more-info/unsupported/docker_configuration.markdown

The logging driver for the Docker daemon needs to be set to `journald` and the storage driver
needs to be set to `overlay2`.

> We only support cgroup version 1 on our Hardware handling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We only support cgroup version 1 on our hardware handling.
```

When the Docker configuration file is changed and saved, you need to restart the
Docker service on the host machine.

> To fix issues with the cgroup level, addjust the /etc/default/grub and add `systemd.unified_cgroup_hierarchy=false` to `GRUB_CMDLINE_LINUX_DEFAULT`. After this you have to complete reboot the host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To fix issues with the cgroup level, addjust the `/etc/default/grub` and add `systemd.unified_cgroup_hierarchy=false` to `GRUB_CMDLINE_LINUX_DEFAULT`. After this change is made, you need to reboot the host completely.
```
